ALL PUNS INTENDED

    1. Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The
    ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.

     

    2. A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve
    you, but don't start anything."

     

    3. Two peanuts walk into a bar, and one was a salted.

     

    4. A dyslexic man walked into a bra.

     

    5. A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm, and
    says: "A beer please, and one for the road."

     

    6. Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: "Does
    this taste funny to you?"

     

    7. "Doc, I can't stop singing The Green, Green Grass of Home."  
     "That sounds like Tom Jones Syndrome."

     "Is it common?"   "Well, It's Not Unusual."

     

    8. Two cows are standing next to each other in a field.   Daisy says
    to Dolly, "I was artificially inseminated this morning."

     "I don't believe you," says Dolly.   "It's true; no bull!" exclaims
    Daisy. 

     

    9. An invisible man marries an invisible woman. The kids were
    nothing to look at either.

     

    10. Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.

     

    11. I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day, but I
    couldn't find any.

     

    12. A man woke up in a hospital after a serious accident.   He
    shouted, "Doctor, doctor, I can't feel my legs!"

     The doctor replied, "I know, I amputated your arms!"

     

    13. I went to a seafood disco last week... and pulled a mussel.

     

    14. What do you call a fish with no eyes?  A fsh.

     

    15. Two fish swim into a concrete wall. The one turns to the other
    and says, "Dam!"

     

    16. Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire
    in the craft. Not surprisingly it sank, proving once again that you
    can't have your kayak and heat it too.

     

    17. A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel, and were
    standing in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories.
    After about an hour, the manager came out of the office, and asked
    them to disperse.  "But why," they asked, as they moved
    off.  "Because," he said. "I can't stand chess-nuts boasting in an
    open foyer."

     

    18. A woman has twins, and gives them up for adoption. One of them
    goes to a family in Egypt , and is named 'Ahmal.' The other goes to
    a family in Spain ; they name him 'Juan.' Years later, Juan sends a
    picture of himself to his birth mother. Upon receiving the picture,
    she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of
    Ahmal. Her husband responds, "They're twins! If you've seen Juan,
    you've seen Ahmal."

     

    19. Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time,
    which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also
    ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet,
    he suffered from bad breath. This made him  ... a super-calloused
    fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.

     

    20. A dwarf, who was a mystic, escaped from jail. The call went out
    that there was a small medium at large. 

     

    21. And finally, there was the person who sent twenty different puns
    to his friends, with the hope that at least ten of the puns would
    make them laugh. No pun in ten did.
